So we have the ADD new phase.
Now let's work on the library as well.
So what we can do here is come back to this new new base admin media new.
And basically we need the same layout, right?
So we can just copy everything.
And just so a different component which is media library.
So that's pretty much it.
All we have to do is that okay, so let's copy this base.
And then go here and especially to this to media library.
And it's called Admin Media Library.
Just so that the name is not confusing to admin media library.
Okay.
So we import another component this time it's called media
library, which is.
Yeah.
And so we import that and then we actually don't need this due bearings and it's that bad.
And now instead of showing this component, we are showing different.
All right.
Simple as that.
And this report as well.
I mean, media library.
So we've got that prisoner.
Okay.
Now, you can see here.
We are showing all the images.
So drag and drop is then you can delete it.
Let me try delete some of this.
I guess you can tell when it's deleted.
Maybe you want to do some kind of notification that it's good to dispose of this component.
By the way, we're done here.
This is very straightforward.
Media library.
We have to delete.
It means delete.
2 minutes deleted.
We update the media context and then post don't error.
All right.
So that notification so that it's a bit better.
Actually, it's not coming up.
Let's make sure we have the component.
It's important that.
We are taught to.
Okay?
Yeah.
All right.
So we got these two pages as well, so it was nice and easy.
We just had to import those components and put them here.
So we're done here.
We're done here.
We'll work on comment six and a bit later.
Now let's move on to users.
So as an admin, you will be able to create new user from within your dashboard.
Right.
And.
You'll be able to see all the users you will be able to delete.
You will be able to obey them.
Give them the new rule.
For example, you can make some users also so that they can start writing posts, right?
So that's, that's the six and we're going to Auckland moving forward.